Created by ©Yozuki  |  #VisitUs  t.me/Yozukilk
Many moons have passed since the Imperial
Army went to war with the Hellhorde.
The royal princess, Commander
of the Imperial Third Legion,
ends up being taken prisoner
in the midst of fierce battle.
Subjected to all manners of
torture day in and day out,
she endures these indignities
without so much as a peep.
Pop
She reveals not the secrets
of the Royal Empire.
Dumb Face-o-Meter
Yes, by no means will she speak.
The princess does not give in.
No, she will never give in!
And so, the torture continues
today, yet again...
So cute!
Krall Regiment
Snowball
They're healing my soul!
Krall Regiment
Callie
Meow, what's gotten into you?
Purr-haps you wanna hear a secret?
Actually, the king...
Your Highness!
Why are you offering secrets?!
That was close!
They're just too darn cute!
Isn't it a bit late to
be taking that attitude?
Princess, it's time for some torture!
'Tis Time for "Torture," Princess
How about it, Princess?
For today's torture, Callie
loves to snuggle up,
and Snowball loves sleeping
in people's laps!
It's totally impossible to hold
out against such cuteness!
Curses!
I bet Her Highness is going
to spill the beans again...
Hey!
It's true that in the past, I almost gave in
to Maomao-chan and Hngy-Baby's cuteness...
But I've never once confessed
because they were cute!
Now that you mention it!
Wait, you were about to talk just now...
I held out, didn't I?
A testament to my willpower!
Oh...
Anyway, Krall-chan!
Cuteness alone...
won't be enough to make me fold!
I see.
But you haven't seen the worst
part of this torture yet!
Bluffing, I see.
Kitties are at their max cuteness
from the very beginning.
It can't go any higher!
I knew that all along, baby!
What's the matter, Your Highness?
Well...
Looks like it's started.
Your legs have gone numb!
You fiend!
Could it be that from the moment
you placed Snowball in my lap...
Yep!
This was my goal all along!
If your legs are numb, can't you
just move the white cat off you?
Ex.
I can't do that.
What?
If I did that...
I would wake Snowball up!
Zzz
Zzz...
What are you gonna do, Princess?
I can gently take Snowball into my arms
without waking her up, if you want.
Don't underestimate me.
I am Commander of the Imperial Third Legion.
I've fought my way to victory
while enduring serious wounds.
Compared to that, these
numb legs are no big deal!
I'll withstand the pain
until Snowball wakes up!
Really?
Don't forget, Snowball's
not the only kitty here.
Callie!
Callie loves to snuggle up...
Don't do it, Callie!
I know you want to, but please...
I'm begging you, Callie!
Spare me! Please, spare me!
The princess
confessed
Are you okay, Your Highness?!
Darn you, Callie!
You may look cute, but
that's downright mean!
Unforgivable!
I'll never forgive you!
All forgiven!
Your Highness?!
Krall-chan, can I play with Callie?
You betcha, baby!
Here, this is payback!
Nuzzle, nuzzle!
Princess, wanna give her a snack?
Yeah, totally!
You're so adorable!
Did you get sick of being held, Snowball?
Ah! A little higher!
They truly are elite members
of the therapeutic unit.
What did he think of today's secret?
His Majesty actually left early today to
prepare for important business tomorrow.
What?
Tomorrow is Princess
Maomao-chan's field day.
Today's Event
Hellholm
Pre-School
Field Day
Hellgrove Park
His Majesty's waking up early to line
up and secure a spot for his family.
Line
ends
here
I see.
That is of the utmost importance.
Field day...
I'll need to go to cheer her on!
I must make a packed lunch
and invite the princess!
'Tis Time for "Torture,"
Princess
Field Day
Pom-pom, Hellholm, pom pom-pom
Hellholm Pre-School
Hell-Lord
Main Desk
Pre Pre-School
Hellholm Pre-School
That was the second-year class with
the Hellholm Pre-School March!
Ah, so adorable!
I don't know them, but they're cute.
I'll talk.
Your Highness?
When's Maomao-chan's event?
Let's see...
It's coming up next, actually.
See, she's waiting at the entrance gate.
You're right!
Hey! Maomao-chan!
The next event will be the
third-year class race!
Blast it! How maddening!
Maomao-chan's big moment is here,
yet this camera is broken!
Curse you, humans!
Your Majesty, the humans
are not to blame here.
You forgot to take the lens cap off.
Okay, everyone who's up next,
please wait at the starting line!
I won't lose!
Oh!
Insuke's next to Princess Maomao-chan!
Insuke?
M-My little brother.
Inki's Little Brother
Insuke
Look, over there.
I see him!
He looks like you!
They're about to begin.
On your marks!
Get set!
They're off to a good start!
You can do it!
Okay, everyone! Best of luck!
Princess Maomao-chan...
Insuke! Go get 'em!
Go Maomao-chan!
Goal!
Awesome!
Insuke's the winner!
Huh? Is that okay?
Winning against the Hell-Lord's daughter.
She may be His Majesty's kid,
but this is a fair race!
Insuke! You did great!
Maomao-chan! You tried your best!
That's my daughter for you.
Excellent running.
The field day continues!
So cute, so cute!
It's great seeing these
young kids try their best.
Princess.
We're going to go help move some
equipment for the afternoon events.
We'll be back soon.
Sure, see you later!
Next up, the third-year class
parent participation event,
Tag Team Kangaroo!
Ah!
There's Maomao-chan!
Parent event?
So that must mean...
That's...
the Hell-Lord!
The Hell-Lord.
Guardians, please line up
at the starting position!
It's my first time seeing him.
Get set!
So that's the empire's...
No, humanity's enemy!
The embodiment of evil!
Ruler of all monsters!
Their fearsome leader!
A symbol of absolute power!
Nah, that can't be him.
There's no way that's the Hell-Lord.
Yes, I'm sure he's just a body double.
The Hell-Lord would never
come to a school field day.
Excellent work out there, Your Majesty.
Geh-heh-heh.
Hellholm Pre-School
I see the princess has come to watch.
Yes.
It seems she's enjoying the proceedings.
Not a care in the world, I see.
Unaware of the hellish fate that
awaits her in the afternoon.
Hellish fate?
After hearing that the princess was
here, I made some preparations.
Geh-heh-heh.
For a face-to-face battle
between the two of us!
'Tis Time for "Torture," Princess
Hellgrove Park
Today's Event
Hellholm Pre-School
Field Day
We will now be taking a break for lunch.
Wow, lunchboxes!
Whoa, that looks great!
What a feast!
Did you make this yourself, Torture?
I hope you find it agreeable.
Y-You're awesome, Grand Inquisitor!
Yeah, yeah!
Torture!
Thanks!
Yay! Let's dig in already!
Is this another torture method?!
Today is Saturday.
We've never tortured you
on weekends, have we?
No toxic overwork in the Hellhorde, huh?
I guess that's true!
Time to eat!
Let's eat!
First, some fried chicken!
Mm, so good!
I'm afraid the fried chicken
is frozen rather than homemade.
Frozen fried chicken usually isn't crispy
or tender, but it's still good somehow!
What do you like best, Insuke?
The salmon rice ball for me!
I think I like the sausages the best.
They're twice as delicious when
they're shaped like octopuses!
You're right!
Octopus sausages rule!
It's nice eating lunch outside like this.
Oh!
Maomao-chan's eating lunch with
her surrogate guardian, too!
That's quite the prime location.
Do you think they used the
Hell-Lord's authority?
The Hell-Lord worked hard to secure this spot
Last one's all mine!
Ah, there's no more fried chicken!
You don't hold back, You-chan!
Yummy!
The shrimp patty's mine!
Meat, meat!
Fried shrimp for me!
Me too!
Hey!
Make sure you all eat your veggies as well!
Yes!
'Tis Time for "Torture,"
Princess
We will now begin the field
day afternoon program.
Hellgrove Park
Hngy-Baby, they're having their field day!
Our next event is the third-year
class borrowing race!
All right, time for our final battle!
Insuke-kun, I won't lose this time!
Maomao-chan, you got this!
Go Insuke!
Please let me handle the camera.
Geh-heh-heh.
It seems you've managed to work it out.
This borrowing race is where the princess
and I will have our face-to-face battle!
I had no idea!
What is a "borrowing race"?
A simple explanation
You run until you reach the piece
of paper placed on the track,
Hat
borrow the item written on the
piece of paper from the audience,
and run with it to the finish line!
In other words, a scavenger hunt!
*Children who can't read yet can ask
a teacher standing by
I arranged beforehand the prompt
that Maomao-chan will get.
What?!
Someone
you
like
Her prompt is "someone you like."
I'm certain that Maomao-chan will choose me!
I hear the princess gets along with
Maomao-chan, but friendship only goes so far.
I'll show her our unbreakable
bond and put her in her place!
Geh-heh-heh-heh.
Okay, they're all off to a good start!
They're starting to pick up the
papers with their prompts.
What will they find written on there?
Someone
you
like
Someone you like?
Someone
you
like
Minivan
Minivan?
Oh!
It looks like Princess Maomao-chan's
prompt is "someone you like!"
Huh?
What if she ends up picking me?
If the enemy empire's princess showed
up at the Hellhorde's field day,
you think that'd cause problems?
What?
Isn't it a bit late for that?
Hey!
Does anyone here have a sacred blade?
Sacred blade
You rang?
Geh-heh-heh.
Guess I should get going.
Come with me!
Now then, who has Princess
Maomao-chan picked?
It's Her Majesty!
No one can challenge a mother's throne!
Mama, hurry up!
Queen
Lulune
I won't lose!
I really am quite busy, with my address
at the closing ceremony and all,
so I would have been at a loss if
she asked me in the first place.
Maomao-chan was just being thoughtful,
so it's not that she prefers Lulune over me.
Any Hell-Lord would feel the same way...
Slow down!
Maomao-chan's mom is so pretty!
You can do it, Insuke!
Maomao-chan, don't give up!
Your fave
Hey missy, can I borrow that bear?
You betcha, baby!
We're gonna get first place together, Mama!
What kind of punishment is this?!
Hey!
Why can't this thing go any faster?
Everyone's running toward the finish line!
Who will take first?
It's Princess Maomao-chan!
You did it, Maomao-chan!
What a close race!
Mama!
You did great.
Geh-heh-heh-heh...
To wrap things up, let's all dance
to the Hellholm Pre-School March!
Everyone in the audience,
please feel free to join in!
Huh? Can I dance as well?
Yeah, go for it!
We do it every year!
We're all ready to go, too!
Hellholm Pre-School
Pom-pom, Hellholm, pom pom-pom!
Pre Pre-School!
And now for the closing ceremony
address from His Majesty.
Hellholm Pre-School
Geh-heh-heh.
I've witnessed all of
your growth here today.
Today's field day was a success
thanks to the hard work each
and every one of you put in.
I hope you all take pride in that fact.
The Hell-Lord's body double
gives a good speech.
Absolutely.
All of you here...
get these bear medals as a reward!
Missy!
Maomao-chan!
Yay!
I saw how great you did out there!
Yeah!
I got to be number one!
Mm-hmm!
Hello there.
Thank you for always looking
after my daughter.
Not at all!
It's always a pleasure
to be tortured by her.
Maomao-chan's mother...
She seems so nice.
Bye-bye, missy!
See you later!
Bye-bye!
'Tis time for us to make
our return, Princess.
Princess-chan, if you don't hurry up...
We'll leave you behind!
Sorry! I'll be right there!
That was so much fun!
The princess
confessed
Why?
Maomao-chan!
Which picture book should I...
Shh!
Morning for Pighoof
She's already fast asleep.
Geh-heh-heh.
Looks like I don't get to read
her a picture book tonight.
Morning for Pighoof
Good night.
Created by ©Yozuki  |  #VisitUs  t.me/Yozukilk
Geh-heh-heh.
Sweet dreams.